we used to look up in the sky and wonder
at our place in the stars I just look
down and worry about our place in the
dirt
go for main engine start
t-minus 10 we must confront the reality
that nothing in our solar system can
help us 9 I've got kids professor how
long would I be gone
Hey I'm asking you to trust me
seven mark you have to talk to me math
six need to fix this before I know five
main engines start
could you have told her you were going
to save the world no four and you become
a parent three something becomes really
clear two
nice that you'll make sure your children
feel safe one
I'm coming back I love you forever
potentially habitable worlds right
within our reach
and save us from extinction here we go
you can't just think about your family
now you have to think bigger than that
I am thinking about my family and
millions of other families maybe we've
spent too long trying to figure all this
out with theory
love is the one thing that would sense
time in space
do not go gentle into that good night
old age should burn and rave at close of
day rage rage against the dying of the
light yes you are
we'll find a way but we always have
you